# Improved-Generalized-Good-Lattice-Point-Sets
This is the source codes of "Some Improvements on Good Lattice Point Sets" to be submitted to Entropy.

Run AppGGLP.py to calculate generalized good lattice point (GGLP) sets. The initial good lattice point (GLP) sets are specified with generating vectors in this file as dictionary. Modifying n, s, K, h_values can get new GGLP sets. The space-filling criterion can be chose from mixture discrepancy (MD), maximin distance, and Frobenius distance. All these criteria and threshold accepting algorithm are defined in TAGLP.py. The parameters in Algorithm1 function, disc and FD, can be used to specify the criterion, where disc=True implies adopting MD to be minimized and otherwise adopting maximin distance to be maximized, and FD=True implies replacing MD with Frobenius distance. The outputs are all printed out after running. 

Run `QMC_For_MixN.py` to calculate the Quasi Monte Carlo (QMC) representative points for a mixed bivariate normal distribution. This calculation employs Monte Carlo (MC), GLP, and GGLP methods, combined with the Box-Muller method. The bootstrap method evaluates how well these representative points approximate the true distribution. Next, execute Kriging_Experiment.m to model the wood function as the true underlying model and adopt the Kriging modeling technique to obtain the metamodel. This script calculates the experimental design using the GLP and GGLP methods. Kriging modeling is conducted through the ooDACE toolbox in MATLAB, a powerful toolbox that supports various Kriging method variants for constructing kriging surrogate models from given datasets，This toolbox can be downloaded in "https://sumo.ilabt.imec.be/home/software/oodace". All outputs are all printed out and stored in Excel files after running.
